chore: remove transmuter (#1529)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/BTCPayVsOthers.md

## Fiat

> Conversion from bitcoin to local currencies or different altcoins to Bitcoin is available through various third-party BTCPay Server plugins. [Explore the available plugins](https://plugin-builder.btcpayserver.org/public/plugins)) to find solutions that meets your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversion from bitcoin to local currencies or different altcoins to Bitcoin is available through various third-party BTCPay Server plugins. [Explore the available plugins](https://plugin-builder.btcpayserver.org/public/plugins) to find solutions that meets your needs.
```

Currently, BTCPay Server is a processor **without fiat conversion** capabilities out of the box. As a merchant, this may be difficult if business costs require fiat. Not providing fiat conversion out of the box allows BTCPay Server merchants to avoid KYC and AML identification verification. This also allows BTCPay Server to be free and available for anyone to use.

> However, instant fiat conversion is available through various BTCPay Server plugins. Explore the available plugins to find solutions that meet your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversion from bitcoin to local currencies or different altcoins to Bitcoin is available through various third-party BTCPay Server plugins. [Explore the available plugins](https://plugin-builder.btcpayserver.org/public/plugins)) to find solutions that meets your needs.
```

Currently, BTCPay Server is a processor **without fiat conversion** capabilities out of the box. As a merchant, this may be difficult if business costs require fiat. Not providing fiat conversion out of the box allows BTCPay Server merchants to avoid KYC and AML identification verification. This also allows BTCPay Server to be free and available for anyone to use.

> 

Reviewer 2: Nit: we have some plugins now that do offer this functionality. We don't need to explicitly list them but mention they should explore plugins
